Daily Scrum
------------

A daily scrum in the computing room. This centralized location helps the team start on time.
Each day during a sprint, the team holds a daily scrum (or stand-up) with specific guidelines:

All members of the development team come prepared. The daily scrum:
starts precisely on time even if some development team members are missing
should happen at the same time and place every day
is limited (timeboxed) to fifteen minutes
Anyone is welcome, though only development team members should contribute.
During the daily scrum, each team member typically answers three questions:
What did I complete yesterday that contributed to the team meeting our sprint goal?
What do I plan to complete today to contribute to the team meeting our sprint goal?
Do I see any impediment that could prevent me or the team from meeting our sprint goal?

===>

TOPIC: B2O (BSRO & BATO) Testautomation and reporting

CURRENT STATE: See attached pdf


AGENDA:

Igor to demo MVP (Minimum Viable Product)

Q&A session:
    - What risks, impediments, dependencies, or assumptions got resolved since we last met?
    - What risks, impediments, dependencies, or assumptions will be resolved before we meet again?
    - Are there any new risks, impediments, dependencies, or assumptions slowing us down or getting in the way?
    - Are you about to introduce a new risk, impediment, dependency, or assumption that will extend the DoD timeline (Definition of Done) ?

Note:

The minimum aspect of MVP encourages DevOps team to deliver woring solutions faster and cut the TTM.


PBI (product backlog):
- Empty (not for long...)

Sprint 1: MVP: Jenkins python3 and pytest execution from git
Sprint 2: MVP: TestRail and Docker (python3, selenium), Selenium-Grid impl-9n
Sprint 3: MVP: Integration with git and Jenkins
Sprint 4: TKR: (Technical Knowledge Transfer)
Sprint 5: DoD: BSRO & BATO tests implementation

Milestones: Sprint1 - Sprint3: MVP Demo, KTR, DoD


PM 5 phases
-----------
https://www.officetimeline.com/project-management


Project Initiation
Project planning and design
Project execution
Project monitoring and control
Project completion and close out

